- [Nana] I knew Ren wanted
to have kids.
I also knew it was possible
for me to have kids,
and still be a singer.
I think the problem was,
I was just too scared of being a
mother.
(rock music)
(keypad beeping)
(sighing)
- You're here again?
- You're the one who called me
here.
- Did you tape the show for me?
- You keep making such dumb
excuses to get me to come over.
- Hutch isn't a dumb excuse.
He's an orphan, just like you
and me.
I better leave, and make you
cry.
- Cry on your own, I'm going to
bed.
- Oh, good morning.
Are you feeling better
today, Miss Hachiko?
- Yeah, I'm sorry for making
you worry.
I think this heat wave
has just been getting to me,
but I'll go see a doctor,
just in case.
I've gotta get better, or
else I can't go back to work.
- That's a really good idea.
And I think I'm gonna come with
you.
- Oh no, you're not.
You have to stay, put and finish
all of your homework today.
- Please don't remind
me about that.
- Make sure to study hard,
and I promise I'll go over
your work, when I get back.
- Thank you, that's really
sweet of you.
And please promise you won't
tell Nana or the others,
that I've been feeling
sick, okay?
It's just that, I don't want
them to have to worry about me,
when they've got so much
other stuff going on.
- But I'm going back
home tomorrow.
Aren't you worried about
being here all alone?
You should at least tell Nana,
so that she can be here for you.
- Thanks, but I think
I'll be okay on my own.
- Miss Kamatsu, the doctor
is ready to see you now.
- Yes, it seems the urine
test came out positive.
Tell me, do you remember when
you had your last period?
- July 16th?
It lasted about five days.
- If you are pregnant,
are you planning on
keeping the baby?
(melancholic melody)
Let's do an exam
first, shall we?
I'll meet you in the other room.
- Miss Kamatsu this way, please.
(melancholic melody continues)
Please take your underwear off,
and lie down on the
examination table.
You may keep your skirt
on if you want.
- Ugh, okay.
(piano melody continues)
- [Nobu] I don't deal well
with inconveniences like that.
- [Nurse] Okay, Miss Kamatsu,
please try to relax.
- [Nobu] I'll be waiting
for you.
- Well, you are pregnant.
Now, this small black
circle is the chorionic sac.
That little dot you see inside,
it's your baby.
We count the weeks you're
pregnant
by counting the week of your
last period as week zero.
So you are in the middle
of the sixth week.
If you decide to keep the baby,
please come back in two
weeks for a checkup.
If you wish to have an abortion,
well the sooner we schedule
the operation,
the easier it will
be on your body.
You can keep the
ultrasound if you like.
- Huh?
Okay.
- What? He grew up overseas?
Which country?
- I wasn't able to find
that out.
So I guess didn't know
about this either?
- No, I didn't. Did you?
- Uh-huh.
I was surprised too when
Misato told me,
but then I
remembered,
Shin didn't know anything
about Tanabata,
so all the things I thought
were weird about him,
seem to make sense now.
- Yeah, I guess so.
But his parents are Japanese,
so you'd think they
would've at least told him
what Tanabata was.
- Are you ready to order?
- Oh, what are you
having Hachiko?
- Hmm... I'll have a
grapefruit juice.
- Hey, aren't you eating?
- I'm not really hungry.
- [Nana] Really? Okay,
well we'll have two
veggie sandwiches,
and two cafe au laits.
- [Waiter] You got it.
- Nana, do you think
you could stay
at your place a bit
more often?
It's just that Hachiko hasn't
been feeling very well,
and I hate to think of
her being all alone.
- Really? So that's why you
seem so out of it lately.
- Oh, it's just some
kind of stomach thing.
I'm alright, the doctor
even told me so.
- You had to go to a doctor?!
That is definitely not alright.
- But the doctor said I'm
alright, so I'm alright.
- Yeah, but that is so
not the point.
You're right, Misato, I'm
back home, starting tonight.
So don't worry.
- That's great, thanks.
Oh, so going back to what
I was saying about Shin,
I assumed he was half Japanese,
so without thinking,
I told him I didn't believe
that both his parents were
Japanese,
and Shin told me that he
didn't believe it either.
Then he said that he wished
he'd never been born.
I can't imagine anyone
going through life
feeling like that.
I don't know what happened to
him.
But like I told that
Hachiko,
that kind of thinking is
like denying his own existence.
(sad music)
- [Mother] I'll come back
to get you Nana, okay?
I'll come back soon.
- No, rejecting his parents,
and denying his existence,
are totally different.
Shin's not a kid anymore.
So he should be capable of
figuring out for himself
why he deserves to exist.
- You really think so?
- Yeah, I believe if
we put our minds to it,
we're all able to determine
our own fates.
Right now, he has a purpose
in life,
and that's to work hard
on our album.
- Yeah, a purpose in life.
That's it.
- Here you are, ladies.
- Ever since I became
a die hard Blast fan,
my life has been nothing
but a big bunch of roses.
- Roses?
(laughing)
- All right, Nana, Hachiko,
thanks so much for everything.
Could you do me a favor,
and tell everyone that I
said goodbye?
- Take care Misato, and come
stay with us again sometime.
(giggling)
- And I promise we'll become
the biggest band in Japan,
to keep giving you a
purpose in life.
(crying)
What are you crying for?
- Come on Nana, you
made her cry on purpose.
- Misato, you started coming
by yourself to our shows
back when you were
in junior high.
I was always worried about you.
Back home, I know you don't
get along with your parents,
and you don't seem to have
any friends, other than us.
When you say out loud, that my
band,
is your reason
for living,
other people might
think that's foolish,
but it means the world to me.
You know that don't you?
You know, Shin's situation
with his family
has got me thinking.
My guess is that his mother
probably had an affair
in another country,
and his parents broke up
because Shin came along.
- Yeah, I don't know.
It certainly seems like
that's a possibility.
- But, I wonder why she
had the baby.
It's such a gamble, not
knowing who the father is.
Even if the guy she was
having the affair with
used condoms, you can't be
totally sure.
You've gotta be careful
when you're having sex.
I mean, the guy might not
put it on right.
Anyway, all I have to say
is Shin's parents were
irresponsible,
and they're to blame.
If you can't raise a kid right,
you shouldn't have a baby to
begin with.
- [Flashback Nana] I haven't
seen her
since I was four years old.
She decided to run off
with some guy.
- [Nana] Too many women have a
kid
without thinking it
over first.
- I don't think she wasn't
taking it seriously.
- Hmm?
- Maybe there was a reason
she couldn't raise the
baby right.
Maybe there were circumstances
beyond her control.
But when you get pregnant,
it's only natural
that you want to have
the baby, and raise it.
- What do you mean natural?
- Well, you see...
I can't really explain it.
It's like maternal instinct.
(gasps)
- Is something wrong?
- No, I've been so busy
recently.
I might not be able to come in,
when my prescription runs out,
so I thought I'd get a
refill now.
- In that case,
perhaps I should prescribe
two months worth of pills?
(sighing)
What's the matter?
- Um... I have kind of
a weird question.
I don't really know much
about maternal instinct,
or any of that kind of stuff.
Are all women supposed
to have it?
- Well, I like to
think so.
It's part of what
makes us women.
(somber music)
However, just because it exists,
that doesn't necessarily mean
it manifests itself the
same way in all women.
I'd say that applies to
most things.
It's one of those
internal responses,
that arise depending
on your circumstances.
- So right now,
if I got pregnant
with Ren's child,
I might wanna keep it?
Even though it would throw
a huge wrench in my career.
And I'd do that, not
'cause of Ren?
But because of
my maternal instinct?
I don't buy it.
- My tummy hurts.
- How do you manage to come
down with a stomach ache,
every single day?
Do you hate practice that much?
- No, I hate you that much,
Nana.
Hachi would be nice and take
care of me.
Ah, why doesn't Hachi come
to the studio anymore?
- She's just being
considerate of our work.
This isn't a playground, you
know.
- But Mr Kawano said it's okay.
- It's not about Mr Kawano.
This is Nana's choice.
- It's not fair.
You're totally keeping
Hachi all to yourself.
- I haven't seen her since
the fireworks festival either.
- Huh? Why not?
- Well, we practice till
late every single night.
And we both work during the day.
We don't have time to hang out.
- But she's been coming
over every single night,
until just recently.
- She won't come, even if I ask.
- Maybe she's on the rag?
(gasping)
- Wait a second, weren't you
with Nana,
to see Misato off at
the train station today?
You should have brought
her here to the studio.
- Well, she was feeling a
little bit under the weather.
- What do you mean under the
weather?
- It's just a stomach
ache or something.
The doctor told her that
she'll be just fine.
- She went to see a doctor?
I gotta go.
- If you wanna get to the top,
you won't skip practice,
even for your mom's funeral.
- What the hell?
I didn't sign up for this.
(moaning)
- Where do you think you're
going?
- I told you my
tummy hurts.
- Does he really wanna do this?
- At least let him go to
the bathroom when he has to.
You're such a heartless
dictator.
- I'd say it's more like the
both of you
are clueless anarchists.
- Huh?
- Shin tends to get a stomach
ache
whenever he needs
a cigarette.
- Huh?
- Ugh!
- It was way more fun at
the old studio we went to.
At least there I could smoke,
and Hachi showed up too.
- Like I said before,
it's ludicrous to try and
get a mainstream chart topper
from some punk band.
I know you've had this
dream for some time now,
but you gotta understand,
the label isn't gonna
throw money into this,
unless it's a sure shot.
- [Producer] They don't have
any competition in their genre.
If they make it, they'll be big.
And doesn't that vocalist
Nana just blow you away?
- Sure, they got a lot going for
them.
But punk rockers wearing
bondage pants?
Come on.
It's a bit... outdated.
- Yeah. But you know, teenagers
are into retro
styles these days.
When I was young I
dressed like that.
I was thinner
too. - You know,
before we do anything else,
we better hire them a stylist.
Get their fashion up to date.
- No way.
- Anyway, the main problem
is their sound.
It's not bad, but it's
not incredible, either.
Even the vocals.
They're great live,
but I'm not sure their
CDs will have much impact.
- Well, that's where you
come in, Mr Director.
- [Director] If there's
no money for promotion,
I don't want to get involved.
Just let it go.
(sad music)
(crying)
- [Nana] If you can't raise a
kid, right,
you shouldn't have a
baby to begin with.
Too many women have a kid
without thinking it over first.
(slow piano music)
- [Doctor] If you wish
to have an abortion,
well, the sooner we
schedule the operation,
the easier it will be
on your body.
(doorbell ringing)
- [Nana] I'm back home,
starting tonight.
So don't worry.
- Nana?
- It's me.
(gasps)
Nana, open up.
Please open the door.
Oh damn, someone's coming.
You probably shouldn't
believe everything I say.
- Why did you come here? Go
away.
- And what would you suggest
that I do
if I don't really
feel like going right now?
(Nana groaning)
(toilet flushing)
(Nana crying)
Nana, this isn't very funny.
Cut it out.
(Nana retching)
Hey, are you all right?
Do you wanna see a doctor?
Is it morning sickness?
- I'm gonna get an
abortion, so don't worry.
Listen, you don't need
to feel responsible.
I'm the foolish one.
For all I know, it
could be my boyfriend's.
Just go, and please
don't come back.
- Your boyfriend, Nobu?
(dramatic flair)
(suspenseful music)
- Right, I get it.
(tense music continues)
- Takumi?
(keypad beeping)
What are you doing?
My phone!
Takumi...
Please don't tell Nobu!
- Mom always said garlic's
good for stomach aches.
- So you are coming over?
If she didn't call back,
she's probably asleep.
- At least I'll see her
sleeping.
(phone ringing)
- Hm, it's telepathy!
- Whatever, just answer it.
You're such a loser.
- Hello?
- Hello Nobu.
It's Takumi here.
- What is it?
- [Takumi] Hey, are you there?
- Yeah.
- Turns out our Nana
is pregnant.
I don't know if it's yours or
mine,
but no matter who the father is,
if Nana wants to keep it,
I plan to recognize
the baby as mine,
and take care of both of them.
What do you think about that?
(melancholic music)
- [Nana] You know, Hachi,
I still believe that life
is what you make of it.
The difference is,
now I understand,
that not everybody can
be strong all the time
because of that,
I'm nicer to people now,
than I was back then.